piglets still trying to push out in the
bottom way he doesn't have a lot of
waveclear trace using his ultimate in
transmission there's yonder hunt house
trace go on to the initiate onto fagor
Casper getting very low still survives
for now a nice kick from Maggie tries to
save his teammates we do see radar going
in for one for one trade with the
support for tumblr trace also very low
because of his deep initiation Dulles t1
cave really putting down the president
goodbye piglet jumping all the way
through behind the tower taja so the
spear i'm in the process and takes up
like hill under tyrant this is piglets
comfort zone on main there is the speed
bump coming in from casper and they're
actually going to try to throw things
around stuffs go on to castro right away
the eliminated from the fight no
spangled doors are going to come out for
this fight but impact so tanky still
waiting for the team baker flashes
forward to pick up one kill and now
impact on top of all they feel angle it
actually gets choked out by a spear that
race goes in for the shutdown another
spear goes out for another kill can't
fly actually i'll turn things around
radar trying to chase down in fact
that's a dangerous choice but here comes
captain jack with the flash the spear
last we are not going to hit on to baker
and snow suspend of responding with a
desperate barren but this isn't going to
look too good now in fact doesn't have
his ultimate yet here's the speed but
from the stealth but a nice wild growth
from baker is going to knock four people
up piglet takes out the only tank on the
stealth side and that's just three kills
everywhere for this vein as he now
chases for Captain Jack the nice
Boomerang Blade backwards does pick up a
kill on to bengi t1s just going to
pressure down this inhibitor turret they
still have that bear but be so comes in
it goes in with the grass descent is
that enough wolf actually gets caught
behind it gets eliminated right away a
nice three masts chocolate come here for
GBM Ken the falconer in the entire fight
around bank now the one cop behind
thanks to the distal is amar and with no
escape no a nice slice and dice but
there's the ace in the hole for the
double kill ought to mystic auto attacks
or are she jumps onto real fuzzy there's
on the unreal Fosse cannot escape
Blanchard a bit too far bezel still
comes in but it is a dangerous fight for
the Falcons right now GBM not able to
put out ideal damn and she's put off
from his team he's also way far behind
bar and just powering through
it's all members of the Falcon shockwave
does not go off radar has a strength of
two people now man does get snared but
is he going to go down no he narrowly
escaped from the tidal wave and then
gets his gear bought by his teammate
Baker jumping all the way through the
tower to pick up the kill on to Captain
Jack without Caitlin there where is the
damage coming in from the green wings
even fly not able to throw down his
Spears definitely doesn't want to be in
cougar form right now van comes back for
some extra kills and now Mar in the
monster that is shabana chasing radar
through two towers along with whore oh
they're just biding their time to pick
up the skill radar tries to go through
horo does get bubbled there's a rappel
they're just waiting for the spider to
come back down Mar and has been tanking
that tower for about seven hits